Describe me query (#267)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/developer/users.mdx

}
```

> ## Accessing authorizated user info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Accessing information about the authenticated user
```

"Authentication" is about your identity, "authorization" is about your privileges.

> [`me`](developer/api-reference/queries/me.mdx) allow you to get information about currently logged in user. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [`me`](developer/api-reference/queries/me.mdx) query allows you to get information about currently logged in user. 
```

```graphql
query {
  me{
    id
    email
    defaultBillingAddress{
      streetAddress1
      country {
        country
      }
    }
  }
}
```

response
```json
{
  "data": {
    "me": {
      "id": "VXNlcjo1OQ==",
      "email": "admin@example.com",
      "defaultBillingAddress": {
        "streetAddress1": "835 Stacy Underpass Apt. 370",
        "country": {
          "country": "United States of America"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> If request is missing `authorization` header or, server will response with `null`.

Reviewer 3: `If request is missing authorization header or,`  Did you miss here something?

> If request is missing `authorization` header or, server will response with `null`.

Author: ```suggestion
If the request is missing the `authorization` header or the token is invalid, the server will respond with `null`.
```
